**The Best of Reddit in 2017\
**

Contents {#contents .TOCHeading}
========

[1 The Best of Reddit in 2017 3](#_Toc511988988)

[2 Most Upvoted Posts of 2017 4](#most-upvoted-posts-of-2017)

[3 Top AMAs of 2017 5](#top-amas-of-2017)

[4 Largest New Communities Created in 2017
6](#largest-new-communities-created-in-2017)

[4.1 Honorable mentions 6](#honorable-mentions)

[5 Reddit Superlatives 7](#reddit-superlatives)

**\
**

Introduction
============

The top posts, communities, AMAs, and other highlights from the past
year.

Community Staff â€¢ December 19, 2017

2017 was a jam-packed year for all of us. Here at Reddit HQ, our teams
have been hard at work to ship more product than ever before---from
native video to major upgrades to our mobile apps. Meanwhile, redditors
have been hard at work creating more content, conversations, and
communities than ever before---with 230,000+ Reddit Gifts sign-ups,
7,000,000+ Reddit Live thread updates, 900,000,000+ comments, and
12,000,000,000+ upvotes, all in the past year!

Sure, the year's not quite over yet, but we wanted to take a moment to
share some highlights from 2017 (and a few of our communities' own "best
of 2017" posts).

Most Upvoted Posts of 2017
==========================

"The Senate. Upvote this so that people see it when they Google 'The
Senate.'"

"Private Internet Access, a VPN provider, takes out a full page ad in
The New York Times calling out 50 senators."

"Gas station worker takes precautionary measures after customer refused
to put out his cigarette"

"This is Shelia Fredrick, a flight attendant. She noticed a terrified
girl accompanied by an older man. She left a note in the bathroom on
which the victim wrote that she needed help. The police was alerted &
the girl was saved from a human trafficker. We should honor our heroes."

"My dad waits every year for the day the sun rises just right and
reflects along the railroad tracks, Today was that day!"

"And here it is: Likely the last sketch I'll ever post on Reddit. It's
been a wild ride, guys and girls. Thanks for everything."

"Half-naked girls get thousands of upvotes, how many for our boy in
blue?"

"Reddit's Immigrants"

"Protect Net Neutrality. Save the Internet."

"We need your voice as we continue the fight for net neutrality"

Top AMAs of 2017
================

"I'm Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Ask Me
Anything."

"I'm Alan Sealls, your friendly neighborhood meteorologist who woke up
one day to Reddit calling me the 'Best weatherman ever' AMA."

"Joe Manchin refused to listen to our pleas for help. He said, "I'm not
changing. Find somebody else who can beat me and vote me out." So, I
took him up on it. I'm running for US Senate for the beautiful State of
West Virginia, and my name is Paula Jean Swearengin. AMA"

"I am Elon Musk, ask me anything about BFR!"

"I'm the Monopoly Man that trolled Equifax --- AMA!"

"Good news, Redditors! We are Matt Groening, David X. Cohen, Billy West,
and John Dimaggio, here to talk all things FUTURAMA! Ask away,
meatbags!"

"I was Goofy at Walt Disney World for over 20 years! AMA! (This post is
not for those who wish to preserve the Disney Magic)"

"I am Dr. Jane Goodall, a scientist, conservationist, peacemaker, and
mentor. AMA."

"I spent 21 years in prison for a murder I didn't commit, and my story
was just made into a movie. AMA."

"President Trump has threatened national monuments, resumed Arctic
drilling, and approved the Dakota Access pipeline. I'm an environmental
lawyer taking him to court. AMA!"

Largest New Communities Created in 2017
=======================================

r/MovieDetails

r/INEEEEDIT

r/TrumpCriticizesTrump

r/AccidentalWesAnderson

r/bonehurtingjuice

r/WatchandLearn

r/esist

r/2healthbars

r/MarchAgainstTrump

r/FireEmblemHeroes

Honorable mentions
------------------

r/SequelMemes (which just missed the cut-off at \#11).

r/PrequelMemes (which just missed the cut-off because it was created
five days before the start of 2017).

Reddit Superlatives
===================

Best Grassroots Community Organizing

Net Neutrality homepage takeovers

Most Creative Community Collaboration

r/Place

Best Science-Themed March That Started With a Single Comment on Reddit

March for Science

Best Print Magazine Devoted to Meme Analysis

Meme Insider

Most Upvoted Photoshop Battle

"This cat with a skull on his chest"

Rarest Pupper

S A F E B O Y E

Shittiest Watercolour

"String Theory" (1, 2)

Best Reddit Story Shared on a Late-Night Talk Show

"Today You, Tomorrow Me" (and the TIFU post that followed)

Best Comments Section Written Entirely by One User

u/rooster\_86
